Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I have sinned against both man and God.
I've spent ten years in a hole
darker than hell...
...waiting. always waiting.
Boyka! Boyka...
I still do not know what this life is for...
...or why it's been given to us.
And I know that a man
that's done what I've done...
...does not deserve to dream.
But I still do.
Come on. Boyka.
Yes! Come on. Boyka!
Get back!
Yeah!
Come on. Boyka!
Koshmar! Koshmar! Koshmar...
Are you ready?
Fight!
Another generous donation. Thank you.
It is my pleasure.
- Did you win your last fight?
- Yes. Father. I did.
Yuri...
...we are very grateful for all your
donations that helped build this church.
But if it's salvation you seek.
violence is not the answer.
But I told you. it's a sport. We have rules.
Even if you do have rules... do you
think God approves of what you do?
I think God gave me this gift.
And I think it would be a sin to waste it.
Violence...
...has a way of consuming men.
And it is hard to see what good you can do...
...when you're surrounded by that.
Boyka. Boyka. Great news.
I found a fight. A real fight.
The fight that you've wanted.
- The fight that we've waited for.
- Legitimate fight?
Yes. And legal.
Not like this underground shit-hole.
- Where?
- Budapest.
It's a European divisional tournament.
I've convinced the tournament scouts
to come and watch you at your next fight.
If you convince them. then you're in.
- That's it?
- Yes.
Very good.
Ladies and gentlemen.
for the main event of the evening...
...a qualification fight...
...sanctioned by the International
Mixed Martial Arts Association.
The winner of this fight will be competing
at the European Championship...
...that will be held in Budapest.
Boyka. the scouts are here...
- ...sitting in the front row.
- Good.
- How are you feeling? Are you ready?
- I'm ready.
- Are you nervous?
- No.
- How is your knee?
- Stop asking so many fucking questions.
Before you go. I must tell you.
I've seen the other fighter.
- He's good.
- They're all good.
- It does not matter.
- This one's different.
He's hungry.
He fights like he needs it. Like you.
Nothing is going to stand in
between me and that tournament.
And now we would like
to welcome to our ring...
...our own local hero...
...our undefeated champion...
...the most complete fighter in the world...
...Yuri Boyka!
Boyka!
Boyka! Boyka! Boyka...
- Hello. Kiril.
- Welcome.
- This is my associate.
- Good to see you again.
Boyka.
All right. gentlemen.
we've been over the rules.
Protect yourselves at all times.
Follow my instructions.
We gotta keep this clean.
Now touch gloves and go to your corners.
This guy's great.
Smart guy.
- You all right?
- No.
You okay? You okay?
Take the mouthpiece. Take the mouthpiece.
Oh. yeah!
Stay the fuck down.
- Yeah!
- Come on!
Winner... Yuri Boyka!
I'm the best!
Come on! Let me through!
Don't touch him! Come! Come!
- You did it. Boyka! We can no longer wait!
- I told you! I told you!
I never. ever doubted you! Come.
See this crowd? They love you.
- Congratulations. Boyka.
- Very good. Boyka. Very impressive.
It's been a while since we've seen
such an impressive fighter.
Boyka. Two weeks.
We want to see you
at the tournament in Budapest.
- Good.
- So you know...
...this is your one shot.
You win. and you're in the big league.
You lose. and it's over.
I don't lose. I'll be there.
Good.
We'll see you there.
Pretty great. no? This is what you've been
fighting for your whole life. Boyka...
...and now it's here.
Your winnings from tonight's fight.
- What is the matter with him?
- He's in very serious condition.
We're taking him to the hospital.
It looks like a concussion.
Do you think God approves of what you do?
God gave me this gift...
...and it would be a sin to waste it.
Get the fuck out.
- What is it. Boyka?
- The man that I fought last night...
...they took him to the hospital.
How is he doing?
You won. What does it matter how he's doing?
Just answer the fucking question.
He's dead.
What do you mean he's dead?
Don't worry though. It was an accident.
You're not liable for his death.
It's the risk every fighter takes. Boyka.
What was his name?
- Viktor.
Where did he come from?
He's a Russian from Drovny.
He's just another fighter.
What about his family?
Did he have a wife? Children?
How should I know? I cleaned out
his locker. Forget about him. Boyka.
His things from the locker.
I want to see them.
Here. I got his bag.
He doesn't have any cash. I already checked.
- I need a fake passport.
- A fake passport? For what?
To cross the border. I'm going to Russia.
Russia? Are you crazy?
You're a wanted man there.
- You let me worry about that.
- And what about Budapest?
Your dream? It's in less than two weeks.
- Can you get me the fucking passport or not?
- I can't. It's a mistake.
You get me the fucking passport.
Okay. Okay.
But I must warn you.
this can ruin your life. Boyka.
It's not this life I'm worried about.
My condolences.
Thank you.
Thanks. Thank you for coming.
Thanks.
He was a good man and a good fighter.
Yes.
What will you do now?
We've been together since I was 16.
I don't know anything else.
This is not what I'm talking about.
This is my husband's funeral.
He's dead.
What does it matter now? Except
for the fact that you owe me...
...a lot of money.
I will work for you to pay off the loan.
- You'll get every ruble.
- Let me help.
I can make things easier for you.
- You get the passport?
- You're late.
As your manager. I advise you not to do this.
Just give me the fucking thing.
Boyka. if I can't stop you.
then at least listen to me.
You've gotten used to the outside.
You're going to have
to be very careful going back.
Stay away from commercial buses.
Those will only take you to major
border crossings with tight controls.
The best bet is to get
on a local minivan in Sumy...
...which will drive you across
a provisional military checkpoint.
The soldiers there.
they have no Internet access...
...and generally they are
lax and uninterested.
You keep your head down
and your nose clean...
...and you should get through
without any trouble. After that...
...you're on your own.
Visas. passports. get them out.
Have your papers ready.
Nobody wants to wait on you.
What's your name?
- Anton Lagunov.
- What were you doing in Ukraine?
Visiting my uncle.
He's dying. Is there a problem?
No. No problem. Papers.
Open.
- Let's go.
- I am ready to go.
Can I help you?
- I wanted to speak with her.
- Nobody speaks to her.
- Where are they going?
- She's going to work now.
Where?
Come on!
Igor! Igor! Igor...
Yeah!
And the winner by TKO.
and still undefeated...
...our underground killer. Igor Kazmir!
This is my ring. you motherfuckers!
What else you people think to happen?
This is my ring!
My ring!
Who are you? Are you following me?
No.
I need to talk to you.
- About what? I'm working.
- No. please.
I'm sorry. I...
I come a very long way to talk to you.
Hey.
What do you think you're doing?
Get back to work.
Why don't you come with me?
I just want to talk to her.
Come on.
We'll talk outside.
- You choose the wrong girl. Go home.
- Look. I only need a few minutes with her.
She belongs to the boss. so fuck off.
So what time does she finish work?
Are you deaf? Fuck this asshole up.
Bravo.
That was quite a show you put on.
My name is Zourab. and this is my club.
You should fight for me. here. in my ring.
Not interested. I didn't come here for that.
Why did you come then?
The girl. The waitress.
I need to tell her something.
Alma.
Well. whatever it is you want to tell her...
...you can tell me.
I'll make sure she gets the message.
No. I give her the message myself.
Nobody goes near Alma without my permission.
I own her. I own this city.
You try to talk to her one more time...
...I'll fucking kill you.
Now. get the hell out of my face.
Go on.
Keep an eye on him.
I'm the most complete fighter in the world.
Do you think God approves of what you do?
Where do you think you're going?
Hold it.
You again.
What is it?
I came here today to tell you that...
...I knew your husband. Viktor.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
It's very nice of you to come. Thank you.
Your boss. Zourab.
Does he bother you?
No.
He gave Viktor and me a loan...
...so we could open this community center.
I just work for him
to pay off the debt. that's all.
So. where did you meet Viktor?
- Are you a fighter too?
- Yes. I'm a fighter.
I met him in Kiev.
And...
...did you see his last fight?
It was me.
I was the one in the ring. in Kiev.
It was an accident.
I wanted to come here and tell you that.
If there's anything I can do...
Yes.
Yes. there is something you can do.
Bring him back.
Can you do this?
No.
This is the money from the fight.
I think you should have it.
This is blood money.
So that's why you took
my husband's life. You murderer.
Take this back.
and get the hell out of here...
...back to Kiev or wherever
it is that you came from.
Get out.
These are children in front of me. Slava.
It's a waste of my fucking time.
Oleg... just some new guy
down from the north.
He says that we have to see him.
Oleg's guys are minnows.
I need fucking sharks.
Okay.
This is what is available. Zourab.
What do you want?
What do I want?
I want someone to impress me. Slava.
I want someone who knows how to hit...
...and someone who knows how to get hit.
Not these fucking bums
you bring me from the streets...
...who are merely pieces
of meat with a pulse.
Slava.
What do I want?
I want to be fucking entertained!
No. Wait. Wait.
- I thought I told you to leave this town.
- I don't give a shit what you said.
Good. Did you reconsider my offer?
- How much does she owe you?
- Who?
- Alma.
- It's none of your fucking business.
Well. I'm making it my fucking business.
She owes me more than you
can ever possibly pay.
Well. then I want to make a deal.
I fight for you...
...you wipe her debt.
- Six fights.
- Two.
- Three fights.
- And then she owes you nothing.
One condition.
You have to beat my champion.
Watch out.
I'm going to fuck you up.
Just make sure you save
this skunk for the last.
- Good.
- We start tomorrow.
A night's rest in between each.
Three fights a week? You really want to lose.
No.
Just in a hurry.
You have a place I can train?
Sure. There's a gym five blocks east of here.
Slava here will show you.
And one last thing.
It's really nice to do business
with you. Yuri Boyka.
You're surprised.
I told you. this is my town.
I know everything that comes through here.
But don't worry about the police.
They report to me.
Just remember one thing.
My arena...
...my rules.
What are you doing? Some bum off the street?
This is no bum off the streets. Slava.
Don't you know a legend
when he's punching you in the face?
Him? What legend?
Slava. don't you know who Yuri Boyka is?
- Boyka.
- Kiril. I have to stay longer.
- Longer. What do you mean? How much longer?
- Maybe a week.
What do you mean a week? Do you
remember how long you've waited...
...how much you've bled for this moment.
how much money you've spent to fix your knee?
- Do you know what you're doing?
- Just change the fucking bus ticket.
I'll be there.
I didn't ask you to fight for me.
- I just want to help you.
- I don't want your help.
I don't want your money.
I just want you to leave me alone.
I'll leave you alone...
...as soon as I finish the fights.
It's least I can do for you and your husband.
What do you want from me?
- I don't want anything from you.
- You think I'm for sale?
Someone you can just win over in a fight?
I'm not fighting to own you.
I'm fighting to pay your debt...
...so you can be free.
So you came all this way to save me.
I come here to save myself.
Alma. get back in the car. It's time to go.
- What?
- And this is my fucking bag.
I won't be long.
I don't want you using it.
Hey.
It's time.
We have a newcomer tonight.
ladies and gentlemen...
...so place your bets.
In the red corner. a fierce contender...
...Yuri Boyka!
And now. in the blue corner. a local fighter.
He's quick. He's deadly.
He's Boris Tarsov!
Fight!
You can have your fun for now. Yuri Boyka.
But just remember...
...this is my ring.
Well done. Nothing less than I expected.
but don't get too comfortable.
First one is always easy.
Why don't you get our winner here a drink?
Here.
You must be thirsty.
Thank you.
Do you know a place where I can train?
Yes. There is a gym down the street.
No. that place. it's overrun with rats.
Come by the community center tomorrow.
You can use the one there.
I'm fighting for your boss now.
You going to try and stop me again?
It's not much...
...but if you like it. you can use it.
Very good.
Hey. Stop bothering the man. Let him work.
- No! Please!
- It's fine.
It's okay. Let them stay.
Do you need something?
I just needed water.
It's not bothering you. the... the training?
No. I'm used to it.
Viktor never stopped training.
Day or night.
Ladies and gentlemen...
...double your bets because we have
something special for you tonight.
The Ozerov Brothers!
That's right!
That's right. ladies and gentlemen!
Two against one!
Two for price of one!
Remember. Boyka...
...my arena. my rules.
Now. let's see what you can do.
Fight!
Finish him!
I hope you're ready.
I've kicked the shit out of worse.
Boyka! Boyka! Boyka...
And the winner by double knockout...
...Yuri Boyka!
Koychev. my friend. Here.
Get rid of those who can't
keep their mouth shut.
And the other stack? What's that for?
Proposition.
I want you to get me Koshmar.
Koshmar the Nightmare?
I want him here.
That's impossible.
I can't get him out of prison anymore.
Last time almost cost me my job.
Yes. you can.
You're not gonna just make more money.
It's a bonus. I'm gonna
give you an escaped convict.
Yuri Boyka.
My husband...
...used to train after matches too.
He said it was the best time.
when the muscles still hurt.
Here.
Ointment for your back.
My grandmother's recipe.
Give it to me.
- It's fine. I...
- It's okay. Give it to me.
Sit down.
You don't have to fight for me. you know.
You can leave this town anytime you want.
Why don't you leave here?
Just take whatever you need
and get the hell out.
To leave?
This place was our dream.
This center. The kids here know
that I will never abandon them.
Without a place like this...
...all of these kids would be
in gangs or something worse.
But you probably wouldn't know
anything about it.
You can keep the rest.
Slava.
- Did you men watch Boyka?
- Yes. just like you said...
...for the whole time that he was there.
And?
He just trains. That's it.
Two hours. And then he leaves.
And she? What does she do?
Nothing. She doesn't even talk to him.
She can barely even look at him.
You work too hard.
I don't have a choice.
Please don't touch me.
Why?
Is it because of Boyka?
I hear he spends time here. Too much time.
He just needs a place to train.
He's an animal. a cold-blooded killer...
...the man that murdered your husband.
- That was an accident.
- Was it truly an accident...
...when his fists pounded
into your husband's skull...
...over and over...
- ...and over again?
- Please. Stop it.
That's not how it happened.
You're fucking him. aren't you?
How dare you.
You know how much I love Viktor.
- I want you to leave right now.
- No.
Please. let go of me.
He's not allowed here.
I'll fucking kill him if you let him back in.
Kiril.
Boyka. The arena is already crawling
with fans waiting to see you.
Your name has been published in all
the newspapers and the billboards.
- That's good.
- Don't forget.
Your bus is at 9:45 p.m. tonight.
Don't be late.
- The press is waiting to talk to you.
- Don't worry. I'll be there.
What are you doing here?
The fight with my husband.
Can you tell me what happened?
I think it's better
if we don't talk about it.
Why?
Do you have something to hide?
I just don't want to hurt you.
I can take it.
Just look into my eyes and tell me the truth.
Was it really an accident?
I've done things in this life. Alma.
Terrible things.
Things that put me in prison for a long time.
And I was a bitter...
...angry man. full of hate...
...until God showed me the path.
I've had hundreds of fights.
Hundreds.
In the shittiest arenas to the darkest.
deepest hell-hole prisons...
...you can possibly imagine.
But I never lost sight
of the gift God gave me.
And then one day...
...God...
...he opened up the doors to me
and gave me the chance...
...to prove myself to the world.
He was testing me.
and I was not going to disappoint him.
And so...
...in the ring with Viktor...
...I did not see a man.
I did not see a husband.
Only someone standing in
between me and my dream.
And I did not mean to kill him.
I'm sorry.
And I know it's not enough
to take away your pain.
But I regret it.
I regret it with all my soul.
Ladies and gentlemen...
...we have a spectacular show
for you tonight.
So place your bets and take your seats.
In the red corner.
we have a fearsome fighter...
...who's been undefeated so far.
So let's hear it for Yuri Boyka!
Let's go. Boyka!
And in the blue corner...
...the big bad man-killer...
...our undisputed Drovny
underground champion...
...Igor Kazmir!
- You're fucking dead!
- Igor! Igor! Igor...
Fight!
Welcome to my world. motherfucker.
Remember what I told you?
- It's my ring. I'm going to fuck you...
- It's your ring. I know.
Come on!
Boyka!
Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Boyka! Boyka! Boyka...
The champion! The champion!
Come on.
Very good fight. Boyka.
Where you going?
I have a bus to catch. It's over.
She's free.
What's over?
We had a deal.
Yes. The deal was three fights
and you have to beat my champion.
What does that fucking look like to you?
Who. this guy? He's not my champion.
He was your third fight.
- Now you have to defeat my champion.
- This is fucking bullshit.
- I'm not fighting for you anymore.
- Yes. you are. Boyka.
'Cause if you don't...
...then we don't have a deal.
Don't you want to save her?
Don't you want to be her hero?
You walk away now.
and her debt still remains.
Unless you want me to sell her like
a piece of meat. you're going to fight.
And after my champion crushes your skull...
...you and I will be done...
...and the girl will be mine.
Are you already at the bus station?
I cannot leave yet.
Are you crazy? What is wrong with you?
Your bus leaves in 15 minutes.
- What time is the last bus?
- 10:00 p.m.
If you miss it. you won't catch
your flight to Budapest.
I won't miss it.
So what are we waiting for?
Bring me your fucking champion.
And now for the main event of the night...
...a true monster fresh out of prison...
...Koshmar the Nightmare!
Fight!
One!
Two!
Three!
Four!
Five!
Six!
Seven!
Eight!
Boyka! Boyka! Boyka...
Come on.
Call Koychev.
- Zourab!
- Let go of me!
No!
This is what happens
when you don't give me what I want.
And you choose a murderer...
...an animal!
Didn't I make it clear to you?
Didn't I give you every fucking opportunity?
Every opportunity I gave you.
Now you're going to watch him die.
Drop the gun. Drop it.
We had a deal.
You piece of shit. Let her go.
And what? What do you think
is going to happen?
You're an escaped convict. Boyka.
What can you possibly give her?
You're a fucking washed-up.
two-bit fighter...
...just like her fucking dead husband.
You're hurt. We have to get you to a doctor.
Alma.
I need to ask you something.
The day you came to see me...
...you asked me what it was
I wanted from you.
I did not know how to say it at the time.
I needed to ask you...
...for your forgiveness.
For what I did to your husband.
Come on. We can still get you out of here.
- Please.
- No. I need to know.
Can you forgive me?
Yuri Boyka. you're under arrest.
Do you forgive me?
It's good to see you. Yuri.
- How have you been?
- I'm fine.
I did not expect to see you.
How are the kids?
They're doing great. Look.
They drew these pictures for you.
I'm sorry.
I wanted to come visit earlier.
but I couldn't.
I wasn't ready.
I understand.
When I first saw you.
I didn't know what to say or do.
I was too angry. I was...
...lost.
But then you showed me something.
You showed me that there was
still good in the world...
...and that's why I came here today.
To thank you. Yuri...
...for giving me back my dignity...
...my freedom.
And because I want you to know that...
...I forgive you.
Thank you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org